feat: engine::register_trigger + first-class invocation metadata (#1928)
MotiaDev/motia: docs/next/using-iii/triggers.mdx

> Per-type configuration is documented in each worker's Worker Docs (e.g.
> [iii-http](https://workers.iii.dev/workers/iii-http) for the `http` type).
> 
> ### Trigger metadata
> 
> The optional `metadata` field on a trigger registration (`null` / `None` in the examples above)
> is arbitrary JSON stored with the trigger and delivered to the bound function on every fire as a
> distinct argument alongside the payload, never folded into it. A target function shared by many
> triggers can use it to recover which registration fired and with what context. See
> [Receive per-invocation metadata](../creating-workers/functions#receive-per-invocation-metadata)
> for handler-side access in each SDK. Callers can attach the same sidecar on direct invocations
> via `trigger({ …, metadata })`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `metadata` field on a trigger registration (`null` / `None` in the examples above)
is arbitrary JSON stored with the trigger and delivered to the receiving function as a
distinct argument alongside the payload. It is useful for providing contextual information about
the trigger or execution context to the receiving function.

A target function shared by many triggers can use it to recover which registration fired and 
with what context. See
[Receive per-invocation metadata](../creating-workers/functions#receive-per-invocation-metadata)
for handler-side access in each SDK.

<Note>
  `metadata` can be provided both via `registerTrigger` and direct `trigger()` invocations
</Note>
```
